---
tags:
  - shopping
  - dailynote
  - anime/figure
  - vocaloid/Hatsune-Miku
  - travel
  - Pokemon/collecting
---
#### Tuesday, the 8th of April, 2025, at 22:13

I have spent at least 8 hours over the past two days researching anime figures & how to buy them. I have learnt a lot. I wrote about [[Good Smile Company]] & the sub-brands [[figma]], [[Nendoroid]], [[Pop Up Parade]], [[Kotobukiya]], [[Buying Strategy for Figures in Japan]], & even a preliminary review on a figure I may never see in person, [[Hatsune Miku 15th Anniversary Ver.]] which is about A$600 at the moment. 

It has been a great 8 hours or so, I have learned a lot, but as you learn, you, of course, become aware of how little you really know. This market is so much harder than Pokemon cards, honestly. To sum it up, most figures that are not prize figures or some unpopular [[Pop Up Parade]] figures you will have to pre-order, lest you feel the wrath of the aftermarket prices. This is because most of those figures are made to pre-order, with little excess. 

My mother has spoken about the possibility of going to Japan at the end of the year, but to be completely honest, given our family's track record, I doubt it will happen. Nevertheless, I am pretending that it will & will be very grateful if it does. I have researched about buying online & sending it to a warehouse to then get it sent to my hotel when I am there, but you can only store figures for 90 days, & for unreasonable prices, so I honestly feel that the only way to get what I want is through pre-orders & shipping all the way to here, Australia. I, however, am quite stingy with my money, so that is my last resort. What I am planning to do instead, is to just take it on the chin & visit stores in-person & hope that the figures I want are there, or I find some good alternatives.

I am having trouble discerning different qualities of figures as of this moment, simply because I have not had much experience with such a task. In [[Buying Strategy for Figures in Japan]] & [[Anime Figure Review Template]] I have outlined quite a few features that help to differentiate between qualities, which has helped me understand things such as material, paint bleed, texture, balanced dynamism, & detail better though.

I also studied biology today creating [[5A - C3 Photosynthesis]], [[5A.1 - Leaf Structure]], &[[5A.2 - Chloroplasts]]. I understand almost all of it, but I may miss out some details.