---
tags:
  - dailynote
  - anime/Monogatari
  - shopping
  - anime/figure
  - vocaloid
  - anime/The-Apothecary-Diaries
  - anime/Spy-×-Family
  - anime/The-Apothecary-Diaries/Maomao
  - vocaloid/Hatsune-Miku
  - anime/Frieren/Frieren
  - anime/Spy-×-Family/Anya-Forger
---
#### Wednesday, the 9th of April, 2025, at 19:19

Hello everyone. Today I wrote a good amount. Much less than the last two days though. I will not beat that in the near future. Anyways, I did the biology 5A edrolo today, & then spent a large amount of the day researching improvements to Obsidian. I have started using tags more expertly, started syncing my Obsidian with Git instead of syncthing because of some conflicts, backed up my Obsidian to a proton drive, & added Iconize & File Explorer Note Count. I also added Todoist Sync. I haven't used Todoist before so I had to learn how to use that. Right now, since it is the holidays, I only have SAC dates added, but I have everything set up for when school starts back up. 
What else did I do... Continuing on with the Github stuff, I spent a while writing [[README]] today, go take a look.

---

I have finally come to a conclusion on what figures I want to buy, or at least what characters I want to buy. 
I want to buy **every character** from **Monogatari**, **some vocaloid** figures (mainly Hatsune Miku), & **Maomao** from The Apothecary Diaries. If I come across a perfect **Frieren** figure I am happy to buy as well but I am content with restricting myself to that. Maybe a couple **Spy × Family** figures as well, but I already have one ([[Anya Forger]])so yeah. I mean, reasons for this is still feeling a little guilty when spending money, & the fact that there are not many figures that I think are good enough to buy. I can be very picky when I want to.

I'll try to make a list of some specific figures I want, but the market is so volatile so I may find this not worth doing. Check out my My Figure Collection via bio.site/sheepmaniac to see what my collection looks like.